In this video and the next we're covering the installation of Paris with the dance floor beckoned so
that we can get started with our code.
First we'll take a look at windows and in the next videos we're going to take a look at the installation
for Mac and Linux.
Now I must warn you that I'm going to give you step by step instructions on installation of getters
with denser flow back and on Windows.
But if you're serious about pursuing machine learning I strongly recommend that you get access to a
Linux or a Mac machine because Windows doesn't seem to have to go to full support.
There are many restrictions that you need to follow and the community simply doesn't support Windows
as much as it does on Linux and Mac so and said that.
Let's start with the installation of Windows and right off the bat.
There are some limitations.
So first you must have a 64 bit operating system so you should have a 64 bit processor and a 64 bit
operating system installed Windows 10 is recommended but you can also go with Windows 8.
And that should work.
So once you have ensured that you are on a 64 bit operating system 32 bit will not work next.
I've spent a lot of time trying to make it work on 32 bit.
And it's it's a huge headache.
So make sure you have a 64 bit operating system and then go ahead and download the anaconda distribution.
So if you work with Python before you might be wondering if the deformed Python dot org distribution
is OK so it's ok but Anaconda makes your life a lot easier.
So I strongly recommend that you go with Anaconda so you can go ahead and download Anaconda for Windows
and what you want is the python three point six version again you need the python three point six million
two point seven would not be sufficient to install any airflow so you need to download this.
And and it's a simple wizard it installs very easily.
You just need to head next next next.
So once you have Anaconda installed you go to your start menu and you start the anaconda.
Not even those come on point but the anaconda prompt.
So once you're in the anaconda prompt the first thing that you need to do is install virtual enemy.
So you say they've installed virtual and we now what this virtual in WI does is it creates a virtual
environment for you and you work within this virtual environment.
The reason for recommending virtual environment is that there are going to be a lot of laboratory incompatibilities
when you work with machine learning code for instance you might download a piece of code from the Internet
that works really well but requires a specific vision of a library which conflicts with everything else
you have to watch you'll envy is going to help you wrap it up in a bubble and keep it in its place.
So we need to install virtual indeed.
If you've just started which an can not be installed and you can install it with on which I mean we
as you can see I have already installed it.
So it's going to say that the requirement is already satisfied notable but for you it will install it
for the Internet.
Now the thing that we need to do is create a virtual environment so that's what you're in we get us.
You can give it any name but we want you to give it a name of get us or get a Steve forget test.
You hit enter and it's going to create a virtual environment for you and put a python executable in
there.
Again I've done this before so I'm not going to hit enter I'm going to simply assume that you hit enter
and now you have a get a Steve hold it installed here by virtually and then you need to going to get
a steep and you can do the eye out over here and you will see that there is a scripts folder here within
the scripts folder is and activate the script once you hit that you will notice that this Kristie has
not appeared a lot here.
This means that you have no debug in within the virtual environment get a steep and anything that you
do any installation that you do any python uses that you do is going to be built in this virtual environment.
So now you are in your bubble.
So let's go ahead and install install get us into flow and Jupiter which we need all three of these
again.
This is going to install quite a few packages.
What I've done this before.
So you hit enter and it's going to make the installations and I've already done that once you have that
you can go ahead and say Jupiter notebook.
So when you hit Jupiter notebook enter this is going to open up a new environment for you within your
browser.
Now if you haven't worked with Jupiter notebook and it's a very very useful tool to have under your
belt if you're working in data science or machine learning it lets you experiment with Betancourt really
easily.
And it's a very user friendly environment.
So once you enter the command it's going to automatically open up the spot for you and you can interact
with your scripts through this browser environment.
So the first thing that we need to do is make sure our case is working.
We go to Neal and we had Python 3.
So it is going to create a new blank notebook for us untitled notebook.
We can call it get a test or anything that you want.
This is just for testing purposes so we can say import Qantas hold down shift and hit enter and there
you go using tons of low back end and it star right now.
Let's wait until this becomes a one so that we can be sure that Qantas has been installed properly intensive
principle is working correctly.
So any minute now so once we have this working We sure that get us has been installed and supply is
installed and everything is working properly.
Now you go ahead and download the zip file from the core speech and this is going to be it is going
to give you these three folders right so notebooks has all the notebooks that we want to work with and
we have some data scripts and we have an empty Data folder.
So this supposed to be empty.
So we extracted our zip file and you got this.
And now what we want to do is we want to open our get a Steve folder on order here.
So this is simple end users no one get a Steve.
So we don't hear Steve or end user someone get a Steve.
And we want to copy all three of these.
We want to copy all three of these
and based them over here so that they're available in our Jupiter environment.
So we close this page you go ahead.
And now these are available.
You can go ahead and do the notebooks and open our second notebook and execute it.
So this means that our environment is ready and we can go ahead and use our system for working with
us.
Now in my videos that follow I'm going to be working on a Mac.
But as long as you have followed these instructions the notebooks should be working well just as it
is on windows as they are working on a Mac.
See you there.